docs: typo (#106)
unjs/ohmyfetch: README.md

### `keepAlive` support

> By setting `FETCH_KEEP_ALIVE` environment variable to `true`, An http/https agent will be registred that keeps sockets around even when there are no outstanding requests, so they can be used for future requests without having to reestablish a TCP connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By setting the `FETCH_KEEP_ALIVE` environment variable to `true`, an http/https agent will be registered that keeps sockets around even when there are no outstanding requests, so they can be used for future requests without having to reestablish a TCP connection.
```
